- [Instructor] With our Spring Boot application
and active MQ running,
let's look at the webpage I've set up for you.
On http
localhost9000.
What I've done for you is create a simple JSP webpage,
styled it using bootstrap,
and prepopulated some select dropdowns for you.
Let's quickly make a selection, hit enter,
and do this a couple of times.
So, we've sent messages but did it appear converted
in our new queue?
Well, let's open up a new browser window
and go to
our active MQ server.
Type in localhost8161,
click on manage MQ,
click on queues,
and there you see a new queue created
called book order queue.
Let's click on it,
from there you'll see a couple of messages
depending on how many you sent.
We'll click on a message.
The message details should show
a successfully converted message.
You'll notice some properties here.
And there's our message at the bottom
converted into json.
Looking back up at the properties,
notice the property here named at Type.
Does that look familiar?
This is a key value pair indicating a property name
for the types of messages received in the queue
and the value of the type is the fully qualified
package name of our book order class.
If you decide later to break this app into two parts
for a microservice architecture,
or even just two locationally separate applications
you'll begin to understand the need
of keeping that set type ID property name the same.
Let's go back to our app now and add a receiver class
that represents our warehouse portion
of the processing of the messages.
Our idea was that a warehouse would receive these messages
and process order requests.
From our service JMS package,
let's create a class called the warehouse receiver class.
Right click, go to new,
java class,
we'll call this the warehouse
receiver
service.
We'll annotate this class with
at service
and inside we will create a new method
called public void
receive,
which takes a parameter of book order type.
So that we can see these in the logs
we'll put some log info statements in.
We'll create a private static final
logger of a cell four J type.
We'll use logger factory, cell four J.
Get logger
and we'll use the name of our class
in the parameter.
Inside our receive method,
we'll type logger
info
and we'll say
received
a message.
Enter again, type logger,
info,
and we'll say message is
and we'll just depend the name of the book order onto that.
The last thing we need to do here is annotate the class
with an at JMS listener.
We'll do this on the method.
And we'll specify the destination to be our book
order
queue.
We need to do a few more things
before we test the changes in the app,
so first let's navigate back to the JMS config.
And in the default JMS listener container factory method
we need to explicitly tell it to use the message converter
so we'll do this by coming down to
factory.setmessageconverter
and we'll use our jackson JMS message converter.
The next thing we need to do is go back
and update our pojos with some at json creator
at an at json properties.
We will apply the at Jason creator to the outside
of the constructor,
an at json property name to each property
in the constructor.
As you can see,
I've already prepopulated these for you,
if you need to pause the video and do that,
you can do that now.
The reason for this is as these pojos become more complex,
as in the book order class,
Jackson has to know in what order
to pass fields into the constructor,
and these properties help identify that.
This would not be the case if it was a simple pojo
with no nested types.
Let's compile and build like we did before.
We'll type gradle clean build,
ampersand ampersand,
java dash jar build slash libs
and then the name of the jar inside the file.
Hit enter.
While this is building we should not have stopped
our acted MQ instance
so without doing anything else here,
now that our springboot app is being restarted,
we're gonna go back to our active MQ url
and inspect what messages are left in the queue.
And as you can tell,
all the messages are gone.
Now, let's go back to the front end web app,
select a message,
click add to order,
and if you're watching in here in the logs
you'll notice that there is a message received
and the message that was appended.